Name, Graduated in cse from.. in 2022 
I have joined Epam as an intern during my college.
domain - java.

During internship we were trained on many interesting things like naming conventions , design principles, design patterns, unit testing
java 8 features , multithreading. 

After that we worked on a training project Course Management system . This project basically involved  crud operations on 
We started with just console application written in plain java.

After we eventually applied the concepts we learned like spring framework , spring mvc , spring boot, JPA. 

During the internship I received pat on award for best performance during internship. It was really a good learning experience. 

After internship I got an opportunity to work with my first client Google. Our team GO2-ITIA. Suit of internal projects which automates the manual processes.
When I joined this account , there was a huge learning curve because google uses their own internal frameworks.
I learned several technologies like grpc, apps framework, guice,  angular dart , fig etc
I was able to adapt to these technologies pretty quickly. 

After the learning phase I was assigned to a project called supporttimely. Which is basically an onboarding application for google. 
appointment scheduling , booking slots. 
This application was developed during covid19 period when there was some emergency. Due to this lot techdebt in the project like low test coverage, lack of null safety, duplicate code,
dead code etc.

In this project mainly worked on improving the test coverage. We have improved overall test coverage from 30% to above 90% for the codebase. 
After that I worked on null safety which dart does not support by default. It has reduced the runtime bugs to great extent.
Received delivery excellence award .

After this project I got an opportunity to work on another client  called DHL. DHL is a logistics company. I have worked on an application called MyGTS. 
This application is used for quotation generation for an estimation before planning a shipment. 

We worked on many to many shipments. Technologies used spring boot, oracle db , deployment, discussion with BA etc

After this again I got an opportunity to work with my first client Google. 

Worked on Manage Email template feature which simplifies the email template updates.
Worked on exxpiry based onboarding system. 
Worked on reinserting failed msgs












